1) Register_Endpoint Bugs:                        (Resloved)
   
   Response username : fullname - Actual : username : username

2) Reset_Endpoint : --------------                 (Resloved)
   
   Previous Password is Accepting (Allowing Duplicate Passwords) - Unquie Password

3) Login_Endpoint : ---------- Security Related     (Resloved)
   token - should sent in mail .(Present : Response(token))

4) change_password Endpoint : ----------  Security Related  (Resloved)
    
   Present : verfying credntials and allwoing to update.

   Actual : AN OTP Verification is Required for change_password then allow only it need to update.

5) loging and logout Multiple preventation


      While user login try to maintain one db for login data with 
      1) username 
      2) email
      3) token
      4) timestamp when token was created.

      when user try to login again it first check in mongo whether is their any record is their
      or not if record is their then check the timestamp < 1 hr dont allow login upto 1 hr (raise an exception) .
      If not their then allow to login .


      when user successfully login then after he have 2 options know in update details and logout.

      1) while user logout he needs to just give the token .
         condition :
          if token was not expired then remove the record from db  else
          if that token already expired do then also remove the token but with message like session already expired.

          a)while in update endpoint first if any data is going to update  first he need to 
          check is their any record in db with username or email if record is their then check the timestamp
          if it was expired (>1hr ) then return login expired and at the same time try maintain 
          one filed in db login : active or expired .mark status as expired because it already expired know.

          if incase record was not their rather than point (a) simply user was not login please login and then update your details.

         
         Also check in change_password if he is login or logout .

         also maintain one record called blacklist token db after user log out successfully try to maintain that token in blacklist token.

         in this case after user logout and he login again with in 1 hr but he used previous token which was still active 

         we can prevent that to passing .(Question : did you maintain everytoken . Ans : no for every token it is valid only upto 1 hr so we
         can maintain this in logout while inserting token before if any tokens are their check the timestamp if it is more than 1 hr remove from db
         then insert the current token if token timestamp is < 1 hr do nothing just insert the token with timestamp.)
